Since I was always passionate about photography and one of the most important moments of my life was [getting my first digital camera](https://www.rusiczki.net/2012/05/17/aventuri-in-fotografia-digitala/), I wanted my own photo gallery pretty soon after I started this blog. And checking The Internet Archive I noticed that I actually had a gallery section here on the site and I also have [a post about trying to customize Gallery](https://www.rusiczki.net/2003/02/19/gallery/) and I vaguely remember trying out that web app to upload some of my photos. But it left a lot to be desired, back then I wanted things to integrate with the layout of the site as tightly as possible and Gallery was not suitable for that.

Then [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/) happened, which was perhaps the first Web 2.0 site I started using. And I was actually deeply fascinated by it and I used it heavily in it's glory days, pre-Facebook. It was my first social network where I met and interacted with people I didn't know from before and who were also passionate about their photos and / or photography in general. [I uploaded my first photo at the begining of 2005](https://photos.rusiczki.net/photos/4555559) and used the site very moderately at first because there was a 200 photos limit and the pro option was unobtainable because PayPal wasn't available in Romania at that time. Then I convinced my French client whom I was working with back then to get me a pro account and the real fun started.

There were some glory years and although I was still active here on the blog, I had sort of a photo blog over there. As I said, the nice thing was the userbase who would find your photos and interact with you.

Then they were acquired by Yahoo! and it was fine in the beginning but they started lagging behind the new platforms which were popping up. At first Facebook wasn't much when it came to photo sharing, but once Google Plus challenged them with superior photo quality they quickly caught up. Then obviously Flickr's userbase got fragmented. Some left for Facebook, some for Google Plus, some for Instagram... Then the site entered a stale phase turning into a real ghost town and finally they were acquired by SmugMug who made it clear from the beginning that they were profit oriented and will not keep the free and unlimited offering around - and since I had a huge library of photos uploaded I was sure that I wouldn't be meeting anything near a free tier limit, if that would be available at all. This was the point when I used the exporter tool and got myself the archive of all my photos and the rest of the metadata (photo information, tags, comments, etc).

This archive sat around for a while and then at one point in the autumn of 2020 I started working on some importer scripts and a general database structure to accomodate the data. This was the start of photonia.

What's next:

- It's still not an MVP, there are many things missing, such as managing tags and albums
- Allow signing up and commenting via email or your favorite social network
- Try to integrate ActivityPub
